docs: add gitleaks docu (#741)
kyma-project/istio: docs/contributor/04-30-ci-cd.md

| [`Pull Request / lint`](https://github.com/kyma-project/istio/blob/fd34803dd516c3b614fda4f5b9d9a4c8b46372bb/.github/workflows/pull-request.yaml#L24)                                                        | Performs linting.                                                                                                                                      |
| [`Pull Request / Run unit tests`](https://github.com/kyma-project/istio/blob/fd34803dd516c3b614fda4f5b9d9a4c8b46372bb/.github/workflows/pull-request.yaml#L40)                                              | Runs unit tests with code coverage information.                                                                                                        |
| [`Pull Request / Run unit tests with experimental build tag`](https://github.com/kyma-project/istio/blob/aa2db2546d26b754a9289199359c945eac91b739/.github/workflows/pull-request.yaml#L57)                  | Runs unit tests with experimental build tag.                                                                                                           |

> | [`UI Tests / Run UI tests`](https://github.com/kyma-project/istio/blob/d91645ab9c8935da03f82ed87623663cf2a621ad/.github/workflows/ui-tests.yaml#L22)                                                        | Runs UI tests for Busola extenstions of API Gateway module and API Rules.                                                                              |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [`UI Tests / Run UI tests`](https://github.com/kyma-project/istio/blob/d91645ab9c8935da03f82ed87623663cf2a621ad/.github/workflows/ui-tests.yaml#L22)                                                        | Runs UI tests for Busola extensions of API Gateway module and APIRules.                                                                              |
```

| [`Workflow validation / Ensure SHA pinned actions`](https://github.com/kyma-project/istio/blob/d91645ab9c8935da03f82ed87623663cf2a621ad/.github/workflows/verify-commit-pins.yaml#L15)                      | Verifies that all external actions are pinned to a commit.                                                                                             |

> | [`pull-gitleaks / scan`](https://github.com/kyma-project/istio/blob/main/.github/workflows/pull-gitleaks.yaml#L10)                                                                                          | Runs gitleaks scan to detect any secrets leaks.                                                                                                        |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [`pull-gitleaks / scan`](https://github.com/kyma-project/istio/blob/main/.github/workflows/pull-gitleaks.yaml#L10)                                                                                          | Runs the Gitleaks scan to detect any leaks of secrets.                                                                                                        |
```
